Completed Items ✅

Language selection (57 languages)
Audio support for example sentences
Fibonacci/SuperMemo SM-2 algorithm implementation
Saved words sorting by due date
Review interval calculations
Settings page
Landing page
Screenshots

Bug Fixes 🐛

Fix audio loading issue in review mode
Fix review count discrepancy between list and detail views
Fix current_created_at undefined error in fix_next_review_dates
Fix retention rate calculation (should use date - last review/creation)
Fix forgetting curve graph (100% retention off by 1 day)
Include last review date at 100% on graph
Add creation date and next review date as markers

New Features 🆕

Create /privacy-agreement page
Add AI illustration feature with OpenAI integration
Create illustration database table
Implement POST /generate-illustration and GET /illustration endpoints
Add leaderboard tab with user rankings by review count
Add user name and motto settings
Create stats with 4-step progress indicators
Add monthly review graph
Update progress icons (use brain.filled.head.profile with wiggle effect for final stage)

UI/UX Improvements 🎨

Remove "word information" and "review statistics" sections from saved word detail page
Show next review date in saved words (to day precision, not seconds)
Show review count in saved words list
Use green gradient background for progress graph
Display datetime to seconds in detail stats

Future Marketing 📈

TikTok ads campaign

----
1. we should use datetime everywhere in frontend and backend; only when we display it we change it to date;


when the backend returns forgetting_curve, it should include the last review at 100% and make a dotted line between last review and the next review date. the next review date marker should always be at 25% of retention;

1. on the retention curve, on x-axis we only show creation date, today and next review date;
1. rewrite CLAUDE.md to reflect current codebase; keep the principles; 
2. the line between the last review to next review should be dotted, now it is a full line; if dotted line is not supported we can use a grey color;
3. remove "historical" "projection" in the legends
4. remove "learning timeline"
5. the review history should show creation time 
6. the decay rate and the threshold to set the next review date should be configurable at compile time, make them constants at the top for easy tuning; 

2. refactor the frontend and backend code -- use multiple files, one for each class, improve the reusability of the code, give every class a meaningful name, remove unused code;
3. we should refactor integration test so all endpoints are properly tested
4. we should create unit tests too so business logic heavy functions are tested too


1. add a feedback section in the settings tab -- with a submit button; users can write what ever they want < 500 chars then submit it; we should have a table user_id, feedback, created_at to collect feedback;


2.
in review mode there is a "review complete" ReviewCompleteView, we should add a similar ReviewGoalAchievedView;
we should show ReviewGoalAchievedView when review overdue count reach 0 from 1 or more; 
it should show "reviews today" (reviews in the past 24 hours), success rate today (n the past 24 hours), 
changes from acquainted -> familiar, familiar -> remembered, remembered to unforgettable;
2 buttons: "Continue", "Review Stats"
 "Review Stats" should take users to saved words -> review stats;

 ReviewCompleteView right now only show up when there is no more words to review (all have been reviewed in the past 24h)
 keep this behaviour but change the stats to be the same as ReviewGoalAchievedView and there is only one button "Review Stats"


we should ask users to rate our app when he has > 100 reviews on the ReviewGoalAchievedView page; we should only trigger rating ask once ever; how can this be implemented? no code, discuss


1. create analytics system

for every user action, every button or tab click on the UI, we need to generate a user action
user_id, action enum, metadata


'action enum' should be save, lookup_search, lookup_search_audio, tab_leaderborad ,tab_review, review_yes, review_no, review_audio, username_update, usermotton_update, feedback_submit
basically category_action we can use   category_action_subaction if needed, plz design all the action enum

the /usage should show a table of counts by day by action in the past 7 days;

the /usage should show a table of all the actions for a user; a dropdown menu to select from all the users should be present


show me your plan, DDL sql and action enum


1. because users can be on any version of the app, everything we do must be backward compatible;

2. we should add a feature to show the users if the word they look up is not word. -- this will require a breaking ios change;
-- ios should call new version of the endpoint;
there must be a way to force an app upgrade

when users search a word, we should automatically save the word. show me how you would want to implement this. no code yet



1. we should allow people to remove saved words, add a new field in saved words 'removed', then every call must use removed filter;
2. or we can just really remove it from db and reivews, keep everything simple;


--- done ---





2. create better metrics for review
